All right we're on a roll here so let's just keep going through a few more questions here.
What is your biggest weakness.
How would you answer this.
Well here's the thing with these questions you better not give something silly like I work too hard
or my biggest weakness is that I care too much about my coworkers.
First of all people can really see through that and label you as fake or a liar.
But again every question should be something that makes you stand out that makes the age of your say
wow I want to work with this person.
So how can we twist this around to something that the interviewer is going to say yep this person should
be hired for this company.
It's very simple here.
One is you need a real answer.
Again no silly answers of how great you are.
Be honest.
Say something that you have as a real weakness.
But the key is you have to show how you overcame it how you improved it.
So don't say I'm too passionate maybe say something along the lines of sometimes when there's a problem
I get straight into coding without really thinking about the problem.
And as I'm typing I'm typing I realized that perhaps I should have waited planned out how I should write
my code how it should be structured.
What problem am I really solving before I start just coding it.
So lately I've taken the time to make sure that I write pseudo code first just commenting out the steps
that I want to take what my assumptions are well my inputs are and from there right out the steps that
I want my code to take before I actually get into code you see what I did there.
I talked about my weakness but somehow I turned it around to something that makes me a great candidate
somebody that has improved from their past mistakes and now is working in a way that's ideal for a developer.
That's it.
There's not much to say here.
Just be honest but use this question as a way to again show how you're better than the rest.
How you're a great candidate.
I'll see in the next one.